# 0 to 10k Followers in 30 Days — Roadmap

Welcome to the perfect 0 to 10k followers in 30 days plan. If you follow this road map, you will see traction. Period. Now, I say perfect not because this is a perfect strategy. No, there's a million strategies out there. I don't think my way is the only way. Perfect comes from if we lived in a perfect world with no distractions, where I had all the time in the world to pump out as much content as possible and hit 10K followers as fast as possible, this is what I would do. This is like the perfect case scenario broken down into weekby- week action steps that you could follow. As always, time stamps are below. We're going to start with ground zero.

## Ground zero

Now, there are likely two types of creators watching this right now. The first type is someone who has no idea the type of content they want to create yet. Maybe you don't know exactly what you want to be known for or who your audience is going to be. Maybe you're leaning a little bit more lifestyle, like you just feel like posting anything and everything about your life. The second type is somebody who has a lot more clarity. You already have an idea of the type of content you want to make, the platform you want to build, what you want to be known for. Maybe you even already have a specific niche in mind. If you are the latter, congratulations. You could go ahead jump straight ahead to week one. But if you're the former, where you fit into the first type I mentioned, you actually need to start here at ground zero.

Ground zero is where you need to treat content creation like going to a buffet instead of performing like this perfect science or baking a cake. Because when you don't know the exact direction that you want to grow, doing a 30-day challenge is not going to get you anywhere. When you have clarity on the end goal, it's like you're running a marathon and you just like stay on the racetrack. Yes, it's hard, but you get to the end finish line because you already know where you're going to go without any training. Like, it's just going to be exhausting, probably unenjoyable, and you might just be running in circles because you're not tracking where you're going. So, that means your starting strategy will look different from someone else's who already has a clear vision in mind, and that's okay.

So, what do I mean when I say treat content creation like a buffet? What you're going to do is you are going to try out all the video ideas that you want to create. And when I say all, I mean all. It's like when you go to a buffet, let's say you've never eaten before ever in your entire life. You're not going to know what you want to put on your plate because you haven't tried anything. You need to take a bite, a little bit of everything. Same thing with content creation. If you've always wanted to do like morning coffee videos, try making a morning coffee video. If you've always wanted to do a house reset with me, do a house reset video. cozy creator content, day in the life, get ready with me. Anything that you've always wanted to do, try it, create it, make it, post it. You have to try all the things because as you try all of those things, you will get so much clarity on what type of content feels true to you. And when you find those pieces of content that feel true to you, you get to like add it to your plate. And that plate ends up being your personal brand. So ground zero means for the next 30 days, you're actually just going to post whatever the heck you want with zero strategy. You're going to get clarity by doing and not waiting. The goal here at ground zero is not about growth. The goal here is to help you figure out exactly the type of creator that you want to be known for. The goal here is getting in your reps as a content creator. When you're practicing all these different types of video styles and ideas, you will find yourself becoming a better content creator as a whole because you're getting more experience. You're learning more about yourself, the types of videos you like, the type of videos you don't like. I have always found that this is the best way to get clarity on what your personal brand is going to be, just by doing everything that you think you want to do. And then you'll learn some of the things that you thought you wanted to do, you actually don't enjoy doing. But that alone is clarity. Once you have that clarity of like, okay, I really like these style videos. I really want to pursue this avenue or I really connected with this type of content. That's when we could begin like a 30-day growth sprint because you have a clear direction and then the traction can build from there.

## Week 1

Now, jumping to week one, your goal for week one is to start taking messy action and start identifying formats that are going to get you the best early traction. Now, when I say messy action, this doesn't mean random, okay? We still want to have a refined growth strategy. But first, if you're starting from zero, we need to set up our account first. So, on days 1 and two, we're going to create an account, set up our bio, profile, photo, etc. We're going to begin doing our content research, being more strategic with the videos that we're going to be creating. Then, days 3 through 7, we're posting, and ideally, we're going to start a signature series in this first week. So, let's break down each of these steps a little bit more.

Starting with the basic, setting up your profile. It's going to be similar to setting up your profile on any social media platform, just a little bit shorter, sweeter, and a little punchier. Ideally, your profile photo is going to match the niche or the type of content that you are creating and want to be known for. For example, I have my own personal Tik Tok page. This is not a strategic let me grow it page. It's just like for funsies personal outlet page. And that page, I've found I really love making coffee videos. So, my profile photo is me with coffee. It's as simple as that.

Then, for your bio, you also want to clearly communicate two things. The value or content that you're posting and who you are. For example, if I have an account where I want to inspire or help busy moms find a way to make working out more approachable and doable while from home, while juggling mom life. My bio could look something like this. Approachable at home workouts. If I could work out with kids climbing me, so can you. On Tik Tok, I believe you're limited to about 160 characters. So, your bio has to be a little short and sweet. So, I kept the value very quick, approachable at home workouts, but also wanted to tie in a little bit about me and myself. Because on TikTok, most of the time people are like, "Okay, I want some lifestyle vibes. I want people to follow me for me and enjoy my everyday life." So, that's why that second line, it said, "If I can work out with kids climbing me, so can you." It kind of talks about my life and a little bit of like some relatability like, "Hey, if I could do this, so can you. I got kids, too, but I work out. Woo." So, it kind of has a little bit of relatability.

## Content research & posting frequency

Now, we're still in day one and two setting up our profile. We want to do some content research to figure out more strategically the type of content that we should be creating to get quicker growth. So, we're going to do our content research. I'm going to show you how I like to do content research, how I teach my students to do content research. This has helped my students have multiple viral videos as you can see. So, let's jump to the laptop and we'll do this together. All right. This is the free Tik Tok content calendar that I have on my website. I'll link it down below. If you like what you're seeing, you could use this as well. I'm scrolling to the bottom where we have brain dump cuz we're going to do our content research in this brain dump. We're just going to jot down all the ideas that we come across. And let's go to Tik Tok. You're going to do this on your phone. And I'm going to in the search bar type in a content pillar that I have or maybe like a type of video that I want to create or just an idea of like okay I've seen other people do this. Let me start to type it in Tik Tok search and see what comes up. So for me I'm going to do like at home coffee because this would be for my personal coffee account and see what Tik Tok suggests. So it says at home coffee recipes, shop bar, syrup, espresso ideas. So some of these I resonate with, some of these I don't. I like recipes. I like syrups. I like setup or even like bar. Those are some things that I have. So what I could do is I could write that down first and just be like, okay, my idea is at home coffee recipes. Just jotting that down so I remember it. We're choosing these from here because Tik Tok is suggesting, hey, these are popular searches. Maybe you should look this search up. So, we're just going to look up recipes. Then, what we're going to look at is the top performers. You're going to want to do this on your phone for one main reason because you can filter the search results. So, we want to figure out what is currently working on Tik Tok. Like, if you want to grow as quickly as possible, you need to know what's currently working. Some of the results that you'll see, they're from a year ago or two years ago, six months ago. And what we want to do is adjust our search parameters, our filter to look at videos from the past 30 days. You could even do past 3 months if you're not seeing like anything that's like super viral in the past 30 days or that resonates with you. So, we're going to adjust our search parameters to look at more recent videos. And then the second thing that you're going to do is you're not going to just skim them and be like, "Oh, yeah. This this video, I like this one. Oh, yeah. This one went viral. Let me copy that. No, no, no, no. Some of them went viral because those creators already have millions of followers. So, if you click on the video and then you go to that creator's account, you could kind of see the views follower ratio. So, let's say you see a video that has like 100,000 views and you're like, "Oh my gosh, that video blew up. 100,000 views. That's amazing." But when you click on the creator's profile, they have 500,000 followers. That's not like a viral video for that creator. it performed well, probably because they already had the followers to get that range. So, what we're looking for are videos that have a higher view count than the creator's following. So, if a creator had, let's say, 25,000 followers, but their video blew up and had 100,000 views, that's a video that you want to pay attention to because it helped a smaller creator. Not saying 25,000 is a small creator, but you kind of get the gist of what I'm saying. So any video that you see has a viral views to follower ratio. Those are the ones that we want to pay attention to, study, maybe write down for ourselves and create when we start and create batch film. So I don't have the search filters set on my laptop, but I just want to show you how to do this together using the content calendar. So we're just going to open this. This has 36,000 views and the creator has 12,000 followers. So that's a really great ratio. the views or the likes were actually double their reach and then some or even like triple their reach. So, I'm gonna click on this video >> and I just want to look at those first few seconds because usually it's that hook. You know, we hear that all the time. What hook stopped the scroll? How do you capture somebody's attention by using a hook? So, it looks like those first few seconds is a close-up of the iced latte. I'm looking at the pop-up text and I'm paying attention to what audio is being used. So, that's kind of like that hook layering strategy I talk about in my videos is what is the viewer seeing that's going to stop their attention? What are they hearing that's going to stop their attention? And also, what are they reading that will capture attention? The visual is ice latte. The audio is music, might be a trending audio. And then the text is shaken brown sugar, pumpkin spice latte. Great keyword plugging. So, I'm going to write all this information down into my content calendar. We have shaken brown sugar, pumpkin spice latte. Shaken brown sugar, pumpkin spice latte. Also, the emojis are important to note. So, we got pumpkin stars or sparkles. I think that's what it is. The visual hook. What somebody is seeing is the final visual of iced latte. noticed the creators started with the final shot. So, this is like, hey, this is what we're going to create by the end of watching this. So, it's actually the final clip of what they filmed that day. And then audio. Maybe it's a trending audio. You can even link videos. So, I'm just going to link this video so I could reference it later. Perfect. And you're just going to keep doing this brain dump with all the different ideas you have. So, if I did at home coffee, I could also do like get ready with me. see what search terms pop up, what I could write down, what creators are using for their hook layering, and then ideally at some point during this content research, you pick a signature series that you will start. So maybe my at home coffee recipe, maybe I'm noticing a trend. It's like, okay, we are literally right in the holiday season. We're right at the very beginning, peak holiday season. So maybe I'm going to start a signature series where I am trying pumpkin spice lattes. So, different recipes. Maybe my signature series is finding the perfect pumpkin spice latte home recipe. So, that's going to be my signature series and that's something I'm going to really pay attention to because a lot of people the follows come from following along a journey of some sort. You could even do like follow along with me while I do a 30-day Tik Tok series trying to grow this page. You could do day one of trying X recipes, day one of trying to redo my closet, being a newly postpartum mom, you know? So, find something that's very specific to you and turn it into a series. And at the end of each series video, you're going to say, "Follow along for day two or follow along for the next video where I'm going to try blah blah blah blah blah." So, signature series are a great way to get people to follow you. It's not just like a viral thing. It's somebody gets to see this aspect of your journey and because they saw one day of your journey, they're more inclined to want to continue to watch the journey with you. (file truncated)